now still a very active scene inside of
this apartment complex officers and
detectives are farther inside that
apartment complex as well as crime scene
technicians they're gathering evidence
officer described the situation as one
big mess
Oh Joshy go move man the search is on
for three armed men who stormed a lake
war column each County Sheriff's Office
responded to a report of a whole new
infrastructure
three armed men broke into the home were
there about 8 people there then
detectives house that a fight took place
between those man and family members and
that flex were made to do money happen
interviewing neighbors and any other
potential witness nigga run the streets
oh my god I'm talking to
get the drugs and the Luanne I'm talking
time I don't sleep and look at me for
applause - miss crater buy it the lights
on his head I'll jump in now like SWAT
team chasing after the cat
my tux down
my child I don't kind of fucking money
in the grade my thinking knows I got
them bleeding breathing
so I'm not gonna poverty in the septic
nigga
then this is a season guess my people
just ain't eating even they try to leave
butter shots on a patroller
I heard them Jaguars in town they kill a
nigga
I'm gonna California to Texas tolerate
down applaud I'm kicking
I mean my money right now let's do a
couple a power with more on this
developing story
Josh Lee this is the house where it
happened please remind the street out
here about 30 minutes ago when they
learned investigators were also in and
out gathering evidence as of right now
detectives say they don't have much
information on who did this so they are
asking anyone who may have seen what
happened or may know more